Add Good First Issue link and fix Up For Grabs link (#1097)
collective/icalendar: docs/contribute/index.rst

Contributions to icalendar from people new to icalendar are welcome.

For people participating in programs to encourage first-time contributions, including
`Hacktoberfest <https://hacktoberfest.com/>`_,
`Good First Issue <https://goodfirstissue.dev/>`_,
and `Up For Grabs <https://up-for-grabs.net/#/filters?tags=icalendar%2Cics%2Crfc5545>`_,

> you must comply with its terms and conditions to receive its recognition or rewards.

Reviewer: One sentence per line, please. Narrative documentation is not code. See https://icalendar.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contribute/documentation/style-guide.html#specific-guidelines.

```suggestion
For people participating in programs to encourage first-time contributions, including `Hacktoberfest <https://hacktoberfest.com/>`_, `Good First Issue <https://goodfirstissue.dev/>`_, and `Up For Grabs <https://up-for-grabs.net/#/filters?tags=icalendar%2Cics%2Crfc5545>`_, you must comply with their terms and conditions to receive their recognition or rewards.
```

Responsible AI use
``````````````````

> 

Reviewer: Please revert this change.

Change log entry format
```````````````````````

> 

Reviewer: Please revert this change. It's not necessary.

If you would like to set up icalendar to contribute changes, see :doc:`development`.

> 

Reviewer: Please revert this change. It's not necessary.
